# Flowmodoro
iOS and Android app created with flutter/dart. Inspired by the Pomodoro technique, but reversed. 

# What is the Pomodoro Technique?
The pomodoro technique is a popular method to boost productivity. Basically, you set a timer for 25 minutes and work continously throughout those 25 minutes and then when the timer runs out, you take a 5 minute break. The work and break times are changed based on individual preference. This enables you to work for longer periods of time as there is a sort of reward system. 

# What is the Flowmodoro Technique?
The flowmodoro technique is similar to the pomodoro technique with a slight difference. Instead of setting a time to work for and then a time to rest for, you time yourself while working, and then however long you worked for you divide it by a set number and then take a break for that long. For example, if I start working, I'll turn on a stopwatch and work until I get distracted or want to take a break. Let's say I get distracted after 45 minutes and my set number is 5. I'll divide 45 by 5 and take a 9 minute break. This seemed like a very good idea to me as when I had tried the pomodoro technique, I found myself either loosing focus before the timer ran out or wanting to work past the timer. This method allows freedom to work for however long or little you please while providing a greater reward for working longer. The flowmodoro technique was not coined by me in any sense, I saw a TikTok about it (I will link it here as well as any other resources about this technique) and thought that it was a great idea but saw that there were no applications based on it. So, I thought it woulld be a great idea to make my own in order to further increase my app development skills while also making something useful. 
